# Contributing to jest-preset-angular
Thanks for contributing!

### Reporting Bugs
To help us fix bugs, give a detailed description on how to reproduce it, or, if possible, provide a minimal reproduction.

At least provide the used versions of `angular`, `jest` and `jest-preset-angular`, as well as your jest config and your `tsconfig.spec.json`.

### Pull Requests
Pull Requests have to pass all tests before they can be accepteReleases are published automatically by our CI whenever a commit is merged to master. To leverage this feature, commit messages have to follow Guidelines.

#### Git Commit Messages
We follow the Angular Commit Guidelines. We use `husky` and `commitlint` to enforce this style for all commits. Furthermore pull requests have to be squashed to one single commit. If you prefer, you can stack up several commits, until the request is approved. The final, squashed commit should look like this:
```
<type>(<scope>): <subject> (<pr-ref>)

<breaking-change-note>
<body>

<issue-ref>
```
* `<type>` must be one of the following: `build` (dependencies), `ci`, `docs`, `feat` (new features), `fix` (bug fixes), `perf` (performance change), `refactor` (other code changes), `style` (formatting), `test` (adding/correcting tests)
* `<scope>` (optional) should be a higher-level single-word description of the commit.
* `<subject>` must be a succinct description of the change, using imperative, present tense, e. g. `add contribution.md`
* `<pr-ref>` must be the pull request id generated by GitHub; you can add this id later to the commit if you commit before the PR is submitted using `git commit --amend` and force-pushing, e. g.: `(#25)`
* `<breaking-change-note>` (optional) should be a quick note explaining the why this change is breaking, the note has to start with `BREAKING CHANGE:`
* `<body>` (optional) must be the motivation and more detailed change to previous behavior, in present tense
* `<issue-ref>` (optional) if this PR closes an issue, reference that issue as follows: `Closes #25`
