README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Jest Preset Angular</h1>

<p align="center">A preset of Jest configuration for Angular projects.</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://actions-badge.atrox.dev/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/goto?ref=main"><img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2Fthymikee%2Fjest-preset-angular%2Fbadge%3Fref%3Dmain&style=flat-square" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-preset-angular"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/jest-preset-angular/latest.svg?style=flat-square" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/jest-preset-angular.svg?style=flat-square" alt="GitHub license" /></a>
</p>

This is a part of the article: [Testing Angular faster with Jest](https://www.xfive.co/blog/testing-angular-faster-jest/).

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you setup to use `jest-preset-angular` in your project. For more detailed documentation,
please check [online documentation](https://thymikee.github.io/jest-preset-angular).

Install using [`yarn`](https://yarnpkg.com/en/package/jest-preset-angular):

```bash
yarn add -D jest jest-preset-angular @types/jest
```

Or [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-preset-angular):

```bash
npm install -D jest jest-preset-angular @types/jest
```

## Configuration

In your project root, create `setup-jest.ts` file with following contents:

```ts
import 'jest-preset-angular/setup-jest';
```

Add the following section:

- to your root `jest.config.js`

```js
// jest.config.js
module.exports = {
  preset: 'jest-preset-angular',
  setupFilesAfterEnv: ['<rootDir>/setup-jest.ts'],
};
```

- or to your root `package.json`

```json
{
  "jest": {
    "preset": "jest-preset-angular",
    "setupFilesAfterEnv": ["<rootDir>/setup-jest.ts"]
  }
}
```

Adjust your `tsconfig.spec.json` to be:

```json
{
  "extends": "./tsconfig.json",
  "compilerOptions": {
    "outDir": "./out-tsc/spec",
    "types": ["jest"]
  },
  "include": ["src/**/*.spec.ts", "src/**/*.d.ts"]
}
```

## Angular Ivy

Check out our [Angular Ivy guidance](https://thymikee.github.io/jest-preset-angular/docs/guides/angular-ivy)

## Example apps

We have [example apps](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/tree/main/examples) to provide a basic setup to use Jest in an Angular project.

## Built With

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - JavaScript that scales
- [Angular](https://angular.io/) - The modern web developer's platform
- [`ts-jest`](https://kulshekhar.github.io/ts-jest) - Jest transformer for TypeScript

## Authors/maintainers

- **Michał Pierzchała** - [thymikee](https://github.com/thymikee)
- **Ahn** - [ahnpnl](https://github.com/ahnpnl)
- **Thomas** - [wtho](https://github.com/wtho)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

docs(devs-infra): update documentation for Angular >=13

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Jest Preset Angular</h1>

<p align="center">A preset of Jest configuration for Angular projects.</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://actions-badge.atrox.dev/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/goto?ref=main"><img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2Fthymikee%2Fjest-preset-angular%2Fbadge%3Fref%3Dmain&style=flat-square" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-preset-angular"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/jest-preset-angular/latest.svg?style=flat-square" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/jest-preset-angular.svg?style=flat-square" alt="GitHub license" /></a>
</p>

This is a part of the article: [Testing Angular faster with Jest](https://www.xfive.co/blog/testing-angular-faster-jest/).

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you setup to use `jest-preset-angular` in your project. For more detailed documentation,
please check [online documentation](https://thymikee.github.io/jest-preset-angular).

Install using [`yarn`](https://yarnpkg.com/en/package/jest-preset-angular):

```bash
yarn add -D jest jest-preset-angular @types/jest
```

Or [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-preset-angular):

```bash
npm install -D jest jest-preset-angular @types/jest
```

## Configuration

In your project root, create `setup-jest.ts` file with following contents:

```ts
import 'jest-preset-angular/setup-jest';
```

Add the following section:

- to your root `jest.config.js`

```js
// jest.config.js
module.exports = {
  preset: 'jest-preset-angular',
  setupFilesAfterEnv: ['<rootDir>/setup-jest.ts'],
};
```

- or to your root `package.json`

```json
{
  "jest": {
    "preset": "jest-preset-angular",
    "setupFilesAfterEnv": ["<rootDir>/setup-jest.ts"]
  }
}
```

Adjust your `tsconfig.spec.json` to be:

```json
{
  "extends": "./tsconfig.json",
  "compilerOptions": {
    "outDir": "./out-tsc/spec",
    "types": ["jest"]
  },
  "include": ["src/**/*.spec.ts", "src/**/*.d.ts"]
}
```

## Notes on usage with Angular >=13

Check out our [Angular >=13 usage notes](https://thymikee.github.io/jest-preset-angular/docs/guides/angular-13)

## Angular Ivy

Check out our [Angular Ivy guidance](https://thymikee.github.io/jest-preset-angular/docs/guides/angular-ivy)

## Example projects with base Jest configuration

We have [example apps](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/tree/main/examples) to provide a basic setup to use Jest in an Angular project.
The `examples` folder consist of several example Angular applications from **v10** to **13**, as well as example projects
with `yarn workspace` or monorepo structure.

## Built With

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - JavaScript that scales
- [Angular](https://angular.io/) - The modern web developer's platform
- [`ts-jest`](https://kulshekhar.github.io/ts-jest) - Jest transformer for TypeScript

## Authors/maintainers

- **Michał Pierzchała** - [thymikee](https://github.com/thymikee)
- **Ahn** - [ahnpnl](https://github.com/ahnpnl)
- **Thomas** - [wtho](https://github.com/wtho)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
