website/versioned_docs/version-11.1/guides/esm-support.md, before:

---
id: esm-support
title: ESM Support
---

To use `jest-preset-angular` with ESM support, you'll first need to check [ESM Jest documentation](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/ecmascript-modules).

`jest-preset-angular` supports ESM via a `ts-jest` config option [useESM](https://kulshekhar.github.io/ts-jest/docs/getting-started/options/useESM) in combination with jest config option [extensionsToTreatAsEsm](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration#extensionstotreatasesm-arraystring).

There is also a [preset](../getting-started/presets.md) to work with ESM.

### Examples

#### Manual configuration

```js
// jest.config.js
module.exports = {
  // [...]
  extensionsToTreatAsEsm: ['.ts'],
  globals: {
    'ts-jest': {
      tsconfig: '<rootDir>/tsconfig.spec.json',
      stringifyContentPathRegex: '\\.html$',
      useESM: true,
    },
  },
};
```

```json
// OR package.json
{
  // [...]
  "jest": {
    "extensionsToTreatAsEsm": [".ts"],
    "globals": {
      "ts-jest": {
        "tsconfig": "<rootDir>/tsconfig.spec.json",
        "stringifyContentPathRegex": "\\.html$",
        "useESM": true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Use ESM presets

```js
// jest.config.js
module.exports = {
  // [...]
  preset: 'jest-preset-angular/presets/defaults-esm',
};
```

```json
// OR package.json
{
  // [...]
  "jest": {
    "preset": "jest-preset-angular/presets/defaults-esm"
  }
}
```

:::tip

Jest will attempt to load **ESM** files from `node_modules` with default `jest-resolve` which usually works for most of the cases.
However, there are cases like Angular libraries **ESM** built files or **ESM** files which are outside `node_modules` might not be loaded
correctly.

To fix that, one can use `moduleNameMapper` in jest config to instruct Jest to load the correct **ESM** files or create a
custom Jest [resolver](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#resolver-string).

:::

Commit message:

docs(devs-infra): include example apps in doc for ESM setup

website/versioned_docs/version-11.1/guides/esm-support.md, after:

---
id: esm-support
title: ESM Support
---

To use `jest-preset-angular` with ESM support, you'll first need to check [ESM Jest documentation](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/ecmascript-modules).

`jest-preset-angular` supports ESM via a `ts-jest` config option [useESM](https://kulshekhar.github.io/ts-jest/docs/getting-started/options/useESM) in combination with jest config option [extensionsToTreatAsEsm](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration#extensionstotreatasesm-arraystring).

There is also a [preset](../getting-started/presets.md) to work with ESM.

:::tip

We have [example apps](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/tree/main/examples) which contains base ESM setup to work with Jest and Angular.

:::

### Examples

#### Manual configuration

```js
// jest.config.js
module.exports = {
  // [...]
  extensionsToTreatAsEsm: ['.ts'],
  globals: {
    'ts-jest': {
      tsconfig: '<rootDir>/tsconfig.spec.json',
      stringifyContentPathRegex: '\\.html$',
      useESM: true,
    },
  },
};
```

```json
// OR package.json
{
  // [...]
  "jest": {
    "extensionsToTreatAsEsm": [".ts"],
    "globals": {
      "ts-jest": {
        "tsconfig": "<rootDir>/tsconfig.spec.json",
        "stringifyContentPathRegex": "\\.html$",
        "useESM": true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Use ESM presets

```js
// jest.config.js
module.exports = {
  // [...]
  preset: 'jest-preset-angular/presets/defaults-esm',
};
```

```json
// OR package.json
{
  // [...]
  "jest": {
    "preset": "jest-preset-angular/presets/defaults-esm"
  }
}
```

:::tip

Jest will attempt to load **ESM** files from `node_modules` with default `jest-resolve` which usually works for most of the cases.
However, there are cases like Angular libraries **ESM** built files or **ESM** files which are outside `node_modules` might not be loaded
correctly.

To fix that, one can use `moduleNameMapper` in jest config to instruct Jest to load the correct **ESM** files or create a
custom Jest [resolver](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#resolver-string).

:::
