e2e/README.md, before:

# E2E tests

## Directory structure

- `test-app-v10-zone-v11`: test app using Angular v10 and zone.js v0.11.1 with basic setup with `jest` and `jest-preset-angular`.
- `test-app-v10`: test app using Angular v10 with basic setup with `jest` and `jest-preset-angular`.
- `test-app-v9`: test app using Angular v9 with basic setup with `jest` and `jest-preset-angular`.

## Running tests

You run the tests on test apps with `yarn test:e2e` (or `npm run test:e2e)`. In `scripts/lib/paths.js`,
`projectsToRun` must be modified if a new project is added to `e2e`.

What will happen in order is as following:

1. Each test project will install its dependencies
2. Each test suite in each test project runs according to `jest` config of that project.

## Why

E2E tests being in a temporary folder of the operating system ensure none of the parents would be containing `node_modules`.

Having the test cases outside of `[jest-preset-angular]` project's root ensures it won't fallback the resolution of node modules within dev dependencies of `jest-preset-angular` itself.

Commit message:

build(devs-infra): refactor structure to be like master (#852)

e2e/README.md, after:

# E2E tests

## Directory structure

- `test-app-v11`: test app using Angular v11 basic setup with `jest` and `jest-preset-angular`.
- `test-app-v10`: test app using Angular v10 with basic setup with `jest` and `jest-preset-angular`.
- `test-app-v9`: test app using Angular v9 with basic setup with `jest` and `jest-preset-angular`.
- `__tests__`: test cases to run against the 3 apps above.

## Running tests

You run the tests on the 3 Angular test apps with `yarn test:e2e` (or `npm run test:e2e)`. In `scripts/paths.js`,
`projectsToRun` is resolved by using `glob` to get all Angular projects to run.

What will happen in order is as following:

1. Set process environment variable `NG_VERSION` based on version of the current Angular project.
2. The test project will install its dependencies.
3. The test project will clean up all old assets.
4. The test project will copy `build`, `jest-preset.js`, `package.json`, `ngcc-jest-processor.js` to its `node_modules/jest-preset-angular`
5. The test project will copy `__tests__` to its `src` folder. 
6. The test project will run test suites from `__tests__` for `isolatedModules: false` with `CommonJS` module.
7. Set process environment variable `SKIP_TEST`.
8. The test project will run test suites from `__tests__` for `isolatedModules: true` with `CommonJS`/`ESM` modules.
9. After tests finish, remove `__tests__` folder in each project `src` and delete all process environment variables.
