website/docs/getting-started/test-environment.md, before:

---
id: test-environment
title: Test environment
---

If you look at [`setup-jest.js`](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/blob/main/setup-jest.js),
what we're doing here is we're adding globals required by Angular. With the included [Angular zone patch](https://github.com/angular/angular/tree/main/packages/zone.js)
we also make sure Jest test methods run in Zone context. Then we initialize the Angular testing environment like normal.

While `setup-jest.js` above is for running Jest with **CommonJS** mode, we also provide [`setup-jest.mjs`](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/blob/main/setup-jest.mjs)
to run with **ESM** mode.

### Configure test environment

When creating Angular test environment with `TestBed`, it is possible to specify the behavior of `teardown` via `globalThis` in the Jest setup file.
For example:

```ts
// setup-test.ts
globalThis.ngJest = {
  destroyAfterEach: true,
};

import 'jest-preset-angular/setup-jest';
```

`jest-preset-angular` will look at `globalThis.ngJest` and pass the correct `destroyAfterEach` to `TestBed`.

Commit message:

feat: allow passing the `teardown` object to `global-setup` (#1475)

website/docs/getting-started/test-environment.md, after:

---
id: test-environment
title: Test environment
---

If you look at [`setup-jest.js`](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/blob/main/setup-jest.js),
what we're doing here is we're adding globals required by Angular. With the included [Angular zone patch](https://github.com/angular/angular/tree/main/packages/zone.js)
we also make sure Jest test methods run in Zone context. Then we initialize the Angular testing environment like normal.

While `setup-jest.js` above is for running Jest with **CommonJS** mode, we also provide [`setup-jest.mjs`](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/blob/main/setup-jest.mjs)
to run with **ESM** mode.

### Configure test environment

When creating Angular test environment with `TestBed`, it is possible to specify the behavior of `teardown` via `globalThis` in the Jest setup file.
For example:

```ts
// setup-test.ts
globalThis.ngJest = {
  destroyAfterEach: true,
};

import 'jest-preset-angular/setup-jest';
```

`jest-preset-angular` will look at `globalThis.ngJest` and pass the correct [`ModuleTearDownOptions`](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/6952a0a3e68481564b2bc4955afb3ac186df6e34/packages/core/testing/src/test_bed_common.ts#L98) object to `TestBed`.
